Address improvements to MFA docs. (#2531)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/mfa/configure-authentication-journey.md

# Configure an Authentication Journey

This section guides you on how to enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) in WSO2 Identity Server. By default, WSO2 
Identity Server is shipped with username-and-password-based authentication. You can further strengthen the security of 

> this authentication by adding an additional authentication step to authenticate with basic authentication, FIDO, TOTP, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this authentication by adding additional authentication steps to authenticate with basic authentication, FIDO, TOTP, 
```
